1. The "Art Director" Loop (Chain of Thought)
Currently, your AI (Gemini) generates the JSON in one shot. This often leads to "safe" but boring designs. We will implement an Iterative Logic inside the system prompt to force "Creative Reasoning."

The Internal Monologue Strategy
Instruct the AI to "think" before it outputs the final JSON. It must simulate a critique session between a Junior Designer and a Senior Art Director.

System Prompt Injection:

"Before generating the final JSON, perform a 'Design Review' in your reasoning:
Analyze the Vibe: Is the user's request 'Corporate' or 'Startup'?
Draft 1 (Mental): Imagine a standard layout.
Critique: Why is Draft 1 boring? (e.g., 'Too symmetrical', 'Standard blue hex code').
Refine: Apply a 'Visual Twist'. (e.g., 'Use a harsh 15-degree tilt on the background shape', 'Change standard blue to Electric Indigo', 'Overlap the text on the image').
Final Output: Generate the JSON for the Refined version only."
Result: The layouts become more dynamic (asymmetrical, layered, bold) without changing a line of frontend code.
2. The "Visual Physics" Engine (CSS Alchemy)
Real design has "texture." Flat CSS looks cheap (like a basic website). We will use advanced CSS to simulate physical print quality.

A. Algorithmic Grain & Noise
Digital colors are "too perfect."
Upgrade: Add a global ::after pseudo-element to your <Canvas />.
CSS: background-image: url("data:image/svg+xml,...noise..."); opacity: 0.04; mix-blend-mode: overlay; pointer-events: none;
Effect: This adds a subtle "film grain" to every banner, making the Pexels photos and vector shapes feel unified, as if printed on high-quality paper.
B. Advanced Blending Modes
Don't just place an image next to text. Blend them.
Technique: Allow the AI to control the mix-blend-mode property of your components.
Example: A "Tech" banner might place a Neon Green blob behind a black-and-white Pexels photo and set the photo to mix-blend-mode: luminosity.
Result: The photo becomes green. This looks like custom Photoshop work, not a stock photo paste-job.
C. "Light" Simulation (Gradients 2.0)
Stop using linear gradients (to right). They look 2015.
Upgrade: Use Mesh Gradients or Conic Gradients.
Implementation: The AI outputs 3-4 hex codes. Your React component builds a complex background:
CSS
background: radial-gradient(at top left, #Hex1, transparent),
            radial-gradient(at bottom right, #Hex2, transparent);
Result: Deep, moody lighting effects that look like 3D renders.
3. Semantic Typography (The "Kerning" Engine)
A major giveaway of "automated" design is bad typography. We will enforce Typesetting Rules in your rendering engine.

A. Optical Alignment
Rule: If the AI chooses a generic font (like "Inter"), force tighter letter-spacing (tracking-tight) for large headlines (H1) and looser spacing (tracking-wide) for small all-caps labels.
Logic: className={isHeadline ? "tracking-tighter" : "tracking-normal"}.
B. "Font Pairing" Logic
Don't let the AI pick random fonts. Hardcode "Golden Pairs" into the registry.
The Registry:
"Modern": Space Grotesk (Header) + Inter (Body).
"Elegant": Playfair Display (Header) + Lato (Body).
"Code": JetBrains Mono (Header) + Roboto (Body).
The AI's Job: It selects the Pair ID (e.g., "Modern"), not individual fonts. This guarantees harmony 100% of the time.
4. Smart Asset Integration (The "Duotone" Effect)
Stock photos often clash with your color palette. We will implement a CSS Filter Pipeline to force Pexels images to obey your brand colors.

The "Brand-Wash" Component
If the AI selects a "Red" theme (#FF0000), but the Pexels photo is Blue:
Action: The React component wraps the image in a container.
CSS:
CSS
filter: grayscale(100%) sepia(100%) hue-rotate(340deg) saturate(200%);
/* Or use SVG filters for precise color mapping */
Result: The stock photo is recolored to match the banner perfectly. The user thinks, "Wow, the AI found a Red office photo!" (It didn't; it made it red).
5. The "Golden Ratio" Grid System
Currently, your layout might be random. We will force the AI to respect Grid Mathematics.

The 12-Column Constraint
The Canvas: Divide the width (1584px) into a virtual 12-column CSS Grid.
The AI Instruction: "All components must span a specific number of columns (e.g., col-span-4). You cannot place items at random 'x' pixels."
Effect: Alignment is mathematically perfect. Text creates clean vertical lines. This is the #1 thing that makes a design look "Professional" vs "Amateur."
6. Summary of the "Next Level"
We are not adding features. We are adding Rules of Beauty.
Logic: AI critiques itself (Chain of Thought).
Texture: CSS Noise/Grain for "print" feel.
Lighting: Radial/Mesh gradients instead of linear.
Color: CSS Filters to force stock photos into the color palette.
Type: Enforced kerning and "Golden Pairs."
Layout: 12-Column Grid enforcement.